dss-plugin-kml-format/ : Add read capability for KMZ, add unit tests in Java for both KML and KMZ (#1)
dataiku/dss-plugin-kml-format: README.md

# KML & KMZ format extractor

> - Expose a KML Parser

Reviewer: And KMZ?

- Run tests of the project.

> ## Testing the plugin

Reviewer: The paragraph is not very clear, the title is "Testing the plugin" whereas what you describe is the build & release process. Make a "build the plugin" paragraph, and after a "Run the unit tests" paragraph.

> To build and test the plugin using Gradle, do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the plugin using Gradle, do:
./gradlew test
```

./gradlew build
./gradlew dist

> Once done, a zip of the plugin is created in the dist folder. This archive will be the one used by DSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once done, a zip of the plugin is created in the dist folder. This archive will be the one used by DSS to install the plugin.
```

# KML & KMZ format extractor

> - Expose a KML/KMZ parser

Reviewer: Could be more precise: What the plugin does?

- Run tests

> ## Building the plugin

Reviewer: Build the plugin

To build the plugin using Gradle, do:
```bash
./gradlew build
./gradlew dist
```

It will create a zip of the plugin in the dist folder. DSS uses this zip to install the plugin.

> ## Testing the plugin

Reviewer: Test the plugin
